Add Keycloak testplans (#181)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/keycloak/u-keycloak-06-user-roles-consideration-lecturer-interface-access.md

> # Keycloak: user roles consideration lecturer interface access (`u.keycloak-06`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Keycloak: only lecturers get a link to the lecturer interface (`u.keycloak-06`)
```
